Hey, what's the matter with you?
He couldn't afford it.
Why does it belong to him?
Someone has already paid for this lady
This pile of cufflinks already belongs to him
Everyone takes it home
Is it Brother Cheng Ze?
Excuse me.
This is private.
Can't tell you
I'm sorry, please forgive my poor service just now.
Don't be surprised if you have a large number of adults.
Our store has already backpacked, and now we only serve this lady.
Please get out. What?
Isn't it possible for VIPs to package stores?
Membership that cannot be applied for even if it consumes 50 million a year
Please go out
Miss Xu, are you satisfied with the scene just now?
We are short
The boss helps
I'll go get the money and come back to check out
What else is there to settle?
These cufflinks are already yours.
It's not just cufflinks.
It's all yours.
That won't work.
Miss Xu bought this men's cufflink as a gift.